
A sturdy hardwood blade.
A single-edged bronze sword.
An orthodox steel saber.
A distinctive sword with a lustrous blade.
A red stone sword imbued with magic.
A sword carved from a mammoth's tusk.
A blade enveloped in darkness.
A sword steeped in ancient power.
A blade forged to pierce demonic armor.
A diamond-edged sword.
A heavenly sword gifted to kings of men.
A sword that draws upon a yaksha's might.
A blade with a demon's soul bound inside.
A sword imbued with holy power.
A mighty sword that strikes like lightning.
Slash's beloved katana.
A bronzework bowgun.
A small crossbow that fires iron bolts.
A bow crafted of dazzling silver.
A type of bow favored by outlaws.
A bow employed by ancient occultists.
A cinnabar-hued dreamstone bow.
A bow whose shafts strike like meteorites.
A bow that fires arrows at sonic speed.
A longbow instilled with a valkyrie's might.
A legendary bow with a sonorous string.




A gun whose bullets are propelled by air.
A gun that fires pea-sized bullets.
A gun that can be shot with one hand.
A toy-like revolver.
A gun capable of freezing robots in their tracks.
A pistol that focuses light through a ruby.
A dreamstone pistol that fires light beams.
A devastatingly powerful laser blaster.
A handheld electric wave blaster.
A gun containing the Sun Stone's strength.
A mighty weapon that alters gravity.




A robotic arm constructed of tin.
A hammer-shaped arm for pounding.
A punching arm enhanced for speed.
A stone-launching attack arm.
An attack arm employing fearsome claws.
An arm containing superheated magma.
An arm that packs a massive punch.
An enormously destructive crushing arm.
A fighting arm tipped with a large blade.
An arm capable of dealing a mighty wallop.
A terribly powerful punching arm.
A fierce arm capable of incredible attacks.

A simple sword wrought from bronze.
A standard iron military sword.
A legendary sword of antiquity.
A sword that gleams with hallowed light.
A sword forged to slay foul creatures.
A blade etched with ensorcelled runes.
A blade that shares its wielder's courage.
A legendary blade awoken by virtue.
A sword forged to hunt fell creatures.
A fist possessing untold strength.
A fist possessing untold strength.
A fist possessing untold strength.
Knuckles capable of pulverizing stone.
Knuckles capable of pulverizing anything.


A scythe wielded by dwellers of darkness.
A scythe made to sever life's string.
A weapon of underworld design.
A scythe that fills foes with dread.
A wooden mop made for scrubbing floors.
The shattered blade of a legendary sword.
The useless hilt of a legendary sword.
A legendary sword wielded by the chosen.
A masterwork blade with a fine edge.
Slash's beloved katana.
A blade that shimmers in prismatic hues.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
A katana engraved with a brilliant blue dragon.
A bow whose arrows strike like falling stars.
A gun designed to fire rounds at rapid speed.
A sword of prehistoric make.
An arm with the crushing strength of a dragon.
A scythe that renders but one judgment: guilty.
A mystical blade said to be forged of dreams.
A bow crafted in the image of beauty.
A fearsome gun that fires spectral energy.
An arm engineered for sheer destructive force.
A scythe that harvests souls.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy

A tunic sewn from lightweight hides.
A durable training vest.
Light armor crafted of bronze.
Protective wear for women.
Heavy armor crafted of iron.
A light, strong titanium vest.
A suit of glorious gilded armor.
A vest studded with rubies.
A suit of mail enchanted by dark magic.
A robe that produces mysterious mist.
Primitive armor made from dinosaur bones.
A robe enchanted with divine magic.
Armor that shines with divine light.
An extremely tough platinum vest.
A battle suit of exceptional quality.
A cape ornamented with constellations.
Sacred armor vested with stellar power.
A dress that glitters in myriad colors.
Armor forged by the light of the moon.
A suit of brilliant crimson armor.
Armor empowered through dark rituals.
A cape that evokes feelings of despair.
Magical armor anointed by light.
Magical armor anointed by shadow.
Magical armor anointed by water.
Magical armor anointed by fire.
A fine vest steeped in light energy.
A fine vest steeped in shadow energy.
A fine vest steeped in water energy.
A fine vest steeped in fire energy.
A fire-resistant vest sewn by Taban.
A tough armored suit made by Taban.
Resilient armor made of wyrmscale plates.
A dress once worn by a reptite princess.
Protective garb made from dinosaur hide.
Armor crafted for warriors proven in battle.
A beautiful ivory-colored gown.
Armor steeped in elemental energies.
A feathered robe fit for an underworld king.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy

A lightweight leather cap.
A cast bronze helm.
A helm of hammered iron.
A traditional beret of Porre.
A luxurious solid gold helm.
A heavy helm carved from a single stone.
A stout helm adorned with dinosaur horns.
A helm that shines with heavenly light.
A sleek helm of worked platinum.
A multipurpose helm of superior make.
A helm that gleams like a rainbow.
A helm made in the image of Death himself.
A demonic helm infused with dark power.
A helm made to evoke despair in enemies.
A helm designed with protection in mind.
A magic-resistant helm crafted by Taban.
A hat that heightens the wearer's senses.
A hat that guards the wearer's memories.
A hat that stabilizes the flow of time.
A hat imbued with divine protection.
Disgusting pants that reek of Ozzie.
A helm that grants the wearer swiftness.
A rare helm that emits a prismatic glow.
A helm said to house a mermaid's power.
A helm crafted from the skull of a great wyrm.
A tiara once worn by a reptite princess.
A ceremonial crown awarded to battle veterans.
A tiara that grants divine protection.
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy
Dummy

A simple cloth headband.
A charming hair ribbon.
A glove that strengthens the wearer.
A protective charm.
An enchanted scarf.
An amulet received from Schala.
A ring that quickens the body's movement.
A ring that enhances attack precision.
A ring that boosts its wearer's strength.
A ring that amplifies the wearer's magic.
A ring that erects a magical barrier.
An earring that grants vigor.
An earring that grants great vigor.
An earring that grants intellect.
An earring that grants great intellect.
A scope that analyzes enemy attributes.
A revealing article that entrances foes.
An armband that fans the wearer's rage.
An armband that greatly amplifies anger.
A third eye that helps avoid attacks.
A wallet that turns effort into affluence.
An orb containing pure life essence.
A dangerous ring that enrages the wearer.
A scarf that surges with power.
A belt that hastens the wearer.
A polished black gemstone.
A brilliant blue gemstone.
A brilliant silver gemstone.
A brilliant white gemstone.
A brilliant golden gemstone.
A medal carried by true heroes.
A ring that adds muscle tone.
Flea's favorite bustier.
An emblem that boosts magical strength.
An emblem that boosts physical strength.

An item that produces soft, sweet music.
Magical glasses that grant unrivaled power.
Prismatic glasses that grant true power.
An emblem that boosts combat abilities.
A medal awarded to champions of the realm.
An earring made from a great wyrm's teardrop.
A scroll that sheds light on nu mysteries.
A mirror bearing the image of a light deity.
A mirror bearing the image of a water deity.
A mirror bearing the image of a fire deity.
A mirror bearing the image of a shadow deity.
A mirror bearing the image of a warrior deity.











Medicine that restores a small amount of HP.
Medicine that restores a moderate amount of HP.
Medicine that restores a large amount of HP.
Medicine that restores a small amount of MP.
Medicine that restores a moderate amount of MP.
Medicine that restores a large amount of MP.
Medicine that fully restores HP and MP.
Medicine that fully restores MP.
Medicine that fully restores party's HP and MP.
Medicine that cures a variety of ailments.
Water that restores life to the fallen.
A portable shelter providing a safe night's rest.
Sweet, nourishing food.
Medicine that restores HP to all party members.
A sphere that erects a magical barrier.
A sphere that erects a physical barrier.
A capsule that permanently enhances Strength.
A capsule that permanently enhances Magic.
A capsule that permanently enhances Speed.
Nourishing food that restores HP. (Arena only)
Unleashes fire-based tech. (Arena only)
Unleashes water-based tech. (Arena only)
Unleashes shadow-based tech. (Arena only)
Unleashes light-based tech. (Arena only)
Boosts monster's Strength. (Arena only)
Boosts monster's Defense. (Arena only)
Boosts critical hit damage. (Arena only)
The smoked meat of a game beast.
A dried mountain mushroom.
A plump forest banana.
The sweet fruit of the millennia tree.
A rare egg swiped from a songbird nest.











The petal of a delicate prehistoric flower.
The sharp fang of an ancient beast.
The great horn of a prehistoric creature.
The colorful feather of a prehistoric bird.
A seed discovered in a food storage facility.
The key to Doan's jetbike.
A pendant that glows with a strange light.
A device capable of stabilizing Gates.
A small fragment of the Rainbow Shell.
An egg-like object capable of conjuring miracles.
Tools used for construction and repair.
A delicacy known for its intense flavor.
An ancient mineral used to craft a mighty blade.
A device that logs the score of jetbike races.
A darkened stone devoid of solar energy.
A stone effulgent with the sun's brilliant light.
A ruby-colored knife carved from dreamstone.
The key to a secret treasure chest.
A doll made in a person's perfect likeness.
A bottle of spirits received from an explorer.
The petals of a delicate prehistoric flower.
The sharp fangs of an ancient beast.
The great horns of a prehistoric creature.
The colorful feathers of a prehistoric bird.
Glittering golden sand.
A hammer crafted from golden wood.
A mysterious stone said to have healing powers.
An elusive gem that radiates light.
A talisman needed to enter a reptite sanctuary.
A gem that shines with an inner light.
Lumber from an ancient godwood tree.
A lump of fine steel.
Stout and rugged vines.
A nutritious lunch made with love.
A katana rendered useless by rust.
A mineral with many powerful properties.
A rusted katana engraved with a dragon crest.
A luminous stone shard.






